“The best way out is always through.” – Robert Frost
Carpe Diem – Latin Proverb
“Always Do What You Are Afraid To Do” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Believe and act as if it were impossible to fail.” – Charles Kettering
“Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself.” – Theodore T. Hunger
“The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.” – Lao Tzu
“Opportunity is always knocking. The problem is that most people have the self-doubt station in their heads turned up way too loud to hear it” – Brian Vaszily
“You must be the change you wish to see in the world.” – Gandhi
“Tough times never last, but tough people do.” – Dr. Robert Schuller
“You must not only aim right, but draw the bow with all your might.” – Henry David Thoreau
“Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive.” – Elbert Hubbard
“Believe that life is worth living and your belief will help create the fact.” – William James
“I’m always doing things I can’t do. That’s how I get to do them.” – Pablo Picasso
“There are three constants in life…change, choice and principles.” – Stephen Covey
“It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.” – Andre Gide
“We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.” – Winston Churchill
“You must never be fearful about what you are doing when it is right.” – Rosa Parks
“Strive not to be a success but rather to be of value.” – Albert Einstein
“The best revenge is massive success.” – Frank Sinatra
“The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph.” – Thomas Paine
“Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.” – Og Mandino
“You can never plan the future by the past.” — Edmund Burke
“He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.” — Friedrich Nietzsche
“Lost time is never found again.” — Benjamin Franklin
“In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: it goes on.” — Robert Frost
“In the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
“No” simply means begin again at one level higher.” – Peter Diamandis
“Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.” – George Addair
“Do what you have to do until you can do what you want to do.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.” – Helen Keller
“Everyone has inside them a piece of good news. The good news is you don’t know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is.” – Anne Frank
“Soon, when all is well, you’re going to look back on this period of your life and be so glad that you never gave up.” – Brittany Burgunder
“It is time for us all to stand and cheer for the doer, the achiever – the one who recognizes the challenges and does something about it.” – Vince Lombardi
“The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself.” – Mark Caine
“Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.” – Thomas A. Edison
“When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don’t adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.” – Confucius
Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.” – Soren Kierkegaard
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” – Nelson Mandela
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.” – Lou Holtz
“Go confidently in the direction of your dreams! Live the life you’ve imagined.” – Henry David Thoreau
“There is more to life than increasing its speed.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man’s determination.” – Tommy Lasorda
“Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.” – John F. Kennedy
“No one can compete with you on being you. Most of life is a search for who and what needs you the most.” – Naval Ravikant
“If you don’t design your own life plan, chances are you’ll fall into someone else’s plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.” – Jim Rohn
“Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen.” – Conan O’Brien
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don’t have any.” – Alice Walker
“The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That’s the day we truly grow up.” – John C. Maxwell
“My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style.” – Maya Angelou
“What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.” – Wayne Dyer
“Press forward. Do not stop, do not linger in your journey, but strive for the mark set before you.” – George Whitefield
“Show the world how much you’ll fight for the winners circle.” – Pat Riley
“It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.” – Aristotle Onassis
“Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot. Make it hot by striking.” – William Butler Yeats
If you hear a voice within you say ‘you cannot paint,’ then by all means paint and that voice will be silenced.” – Vincent Van Gogh
“Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.” — Albert Einstein
“Don’t compromise yourself. You are all you’ve got. There is no yesterday, no tomorrow, it’s all the same day.” – Janis Joplin
“A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.” — George Bernhard Shaw
“If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.” – Margaret Fuller
“He who fears he will suffer, already suffers because he fears.” — Michel De Montaigne
“Forget about the fast lane. If you really want to fly, just harness your power to your passion.” – Oprah Winfrey
“Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.” — Confucius
The opinion which other people have of you is their problem, not yours.” – Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
“If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change the way you think about it.” — Mary Engelbreit
“You are more powerful than you know; you are beautiful just as you are.” – Melissa Etheridge
“The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible.” —Charles Kingsleigh
“You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction.” — George Lorimer
“Man is only truly great when he acts from the passions; never irresistible but when he appeals to the imagination.” —Benjamin Disraeli
“Go as far as you can see; when you get there, you’ll be able to see further.” —Thomas Carlyle
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” —Paulo Coelho
“The individual who says it is not possible should move out of the way of those doing it.” —Tricia Cunningham
“We must believe that we are gifted for something and that this thing must be attained.” —Marie Curie
“Build your own dreams or someone else will hire you to build theirs.” —Farrah Gray
“Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly.” —Neil Gaiman
“Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway.” —Earl Nightingale
“Learn to light a candle in the darkest moments of someone’s life. Be the light that helps others see; it is what gives life its deepest significance.”― Roy T. Bennett
“I believe in only one thing, the power of human will.”― Joseph Stalin
“Laughter is poison to fear.”― George R.R. Martin
“A wise warrior learns from her mistakes.”― Leigh Bardugo
“Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.”― Horace
“The well-bred contradict other people. the wise contradict themselves.”― Oscar Wilde
“I don’t fancy colors of the face, I’m always attracted to colors of the brain.”― Michael Bassey Johnson
“I don’t agree that when you love, you are blind or fool. You just get wiser and see clearer what is best and of worth.”― Hark Herald Sarmiento
“Like a missing tooth, sometimes an absence is more noticeable than a presence.”― Jodi Picoult
“Love the people who love you back.”― Laura Ruby
“It’s the questions we can’t answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he’ll look for his own answers.”― Patrick Rothfuss
“Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely.”― Roy T. Bennett
“Dieting is the only game where you win when you lose!”― Karl Lagerfeld
“No matter how tiny you look, you can lead huge men if you have what the huge men don’t have.”― Michael Bassey Johnson
“I criticize by creation, not by finding fault.”― Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.”― Suzy Kassem
“The wisest men follow their own direction.”― Euripides
“Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.”― E.A. Bucchianeri
“The weak are dominated by their ego, the wise dominate their ego, and the intelligent are in a constant struggle against their ego.”― Hamza Yusuf
“The choice to make good choices is the best choice you can choose. Fail to make that choice and on most choices you will lose.”― Ryan Lilly
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.”― Roy T. Bennett
“Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.”― Samuel Lover
“Letting go means to come to the realization that some people are a part of your history, but not a part of your destiny.”― Steve Maraboli
“Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. ”― William James
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.”― Confucius
“You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.”― Eleanor Roosevelt
“Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.”― Ralph Waldo Emerson
“In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.”― Sophie Kinsella
“Learn the rules like a pro, so you can break them like an artist.”― Pablo Picasso
“Don’t fear failure. — Not failure, but low aim, is the crime. In great attempts it is glorious even to fail.”― Bruce Lee
“Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.”― Roy T. Bennett
“Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”― Napoleon Hill
“Lack of direction, not lack of time, is the problem. We all have twenty-four hour days.”― Zig Ziglar
“You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.”― Jim Rohn
“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.”― Arthur C. Clarke
“Only he who attempts the absurd is capable of achieving the impossible.”― Miguel de Unamuno
“Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.”― Wayne W. Dyer
“Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.”― Jim Rohn
“Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.”― Helen Keller
“I cannot let the fear of the past color the future.”― Julie Kagawa
“Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Don’t settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something.” — Ashton Kutcher
“You never really learn much from hearing yourself speak.” ― George Clooney
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” – Les Brown
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” — Abraham Lincoln
“We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.” — Dr. Henry Link
“Enjoy your sweat because hard work doesn’t guarantee success, but without it, you don’t have a chance.” — Alex Rodriguez
“Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation, there is sure to be failure.” — Confucius
“Opportunities don’t happen. You create them.” — Chris Grosser
“Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going.” — Jim Ryun
“Rarely have I seen a situation where doing less than the other guy is a good strategy.” — Jimmy Spithill
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” — Pablo Picasso
“If you look at what you have in life, you’ll always have more. If you look at what you don’t have in life, you’ll never have enough.” — Oprah Winfrey
“Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are.” — Theodore Roosevelt
“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.” — Oscar Wilde
“Play to your strengths. If you aren’t great at something, do more of what you’re great at.” – Jason Lemkin
Change before you have to.” – Jack Welch
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.” – Leo Tolstoy
“Since we cannot change reality, let us change the eyes which see reality.” – Nikos Kazantzakis
“To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.” – Winston Churchill
“The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.” – Albert Einstein
“The secret of change is to focus all of your energy not on fighting the old, but on building the new.” – Socrates
“I alone cannot change the world, but I can cast a stone across the waters to create many ripples.” – Mother Teresa
“There is nothing permanent except change.” – Heraclitus
“Change is inevitable. Growth is optional.” – John C. Maxwell
“Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.” —Roy T. Bennett
“The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision.” —Helen Keller
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” —Arthur Ashe
“Do one thing every day that scares you.” —Eleanor Roosevelt
“By changing nothing, nothing changes.” —Tony Robbins
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” —Oscar Wilde
“You can, you should, and if you’re brave enough to start, you will.” —Stephen King
“Your big opportunity may be right where you are standing right now.” —Napoleon Hill
“For every minute you are angry, you lose sixty seconds of happiness.” —Ralph Waldo Emerson
“There are far better things ahead than any we leave behind.” —C.S. Lewis
“Optimism is the one quality more associated with success and happiness than any other.” – Brian Tracy
“It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome.” – William James
“People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.” — Rob Siltanen
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” – Joseph Campbell
“Happiness is not something readymade. It comes from your own actions.” — Dalai Lama
“Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.” – Jim Rohn
“All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.” — Walt Disney
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.” – Martin Luther King Jr.
“I can’t change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.” – Jimmy Dean
“The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.” – Franklin D. Roosevelt
“Spread love everywhere you go.” — Mother Teresa
“Out of the mountain of despair, a stone of hope.” — Martin Luther King Jr.
“Nothing is impossible. The word itself says ‘I’m possible!’” — Audrey Hepburn
“When you have a dream, you’ve got to grab it and never let go.” — Carol Burnett
“The bad news is time flies. The good news is you’re the pilot.” — Michael Altshuler
“You define your own life. Don’t let other people write your script.” — Oprah Winfrey
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” — Malala Yousafzai
“You can be everything. You can be the infinite amount of things that people are.” — Kesha
“Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.” — Walt Whitman
“Do not allow people to dim your shine because they are blinded. Tell them to put some sunglasses on.” — Lady Gaga
“Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.” — Jim Rohn
“Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.” — Napoleon Bonaparte
“O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practise to deceive!” — Walter Scott
“If you don’t know where you are going, any road will get you there.” — Lewis Carroll
“Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” — Will Rogers
“He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.” — Jim Elliot
“What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.” — Ellen Glasgow
“There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.” — Franklin D. Roosevelt
“The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.” — William Arthur Ward
“A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.” — John C. Maxwell
“If there is no struggle, there is no progress.” – Frederick Douglass
“A little progress every day adds up to big results.” – Satya
“The world hates change, yet it is the only thing that has brought progress.” – Charles Kettering
“Progress is not in enhancing what is, but in advancing toward what will be.” – Khalil Gibran
“Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.” – George Bernard Shaw
“Failure is success in progress.” – Albert Einstein
“Success is steady progress toward one’s personal goals.” – Jim Rohn
“Some quit due to slow progress. Never grasping the fact that slow progress is progress.” – Jeff Olson
“Progress comes with practice, and practice comes with purpose. Know your “why.”” – Melissa Steginus
“Whatever you do you have to keep moving forward.” – Martin Luther King
“Do the scary thing first and get scared later.”― Lemony Snicket
“Don’t work to hard on appearing to be right, but on being right.”― Yuri van der Sluis
“Your mistakes can give you best lessons.”― Brajesh Kumar Singh
“You have to have drive and commitment – as well as an honest sense of what is and isn’t possible.” ― Marcus Luttrell
“Look for the miracles in every moment.”― Lailah Gifty Akita
“If the journey wasnt challenging the destination wouldn’t be rewarding. It’s the challenge that makes it great” ― Foster Mkhabele
“There is no hurdle too high for you to jump over.”― Michael H. Forde
“Discipline is the bridge between goals and reality.”― Rodman Lu
“No man is a failure, for only he must not quit.”― Davinder Pahra
“You don’t know what happiness lies before you yet, you are now only in the commencement of your journey.”― Anne Brontë
“It is intuitive that people who smile and cut out negativity from their life will live longer, healthier lives.” – Deena B. Chopra
“Nobody can make you feel inferior without your permission.” —Eleanor Roosevelt
“Life doesn’t exist to meet our expectations.” – Jerry Dorsman and Bob Davis, How to Achieve Peace of Mind
“Take into account that great love and great achievements involve great risk.” —Dalai Lama
“Living a more positive life comes down to attitude and action.” – Catherine Pulsifer
“He that respects himself is safe from others.” —Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
“Life is a learning process, and you have the opportunity to make a change right here and now.” – Lori Hill, 5 Gifts to Give Yourself
“The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why.” —Mark Twain
“Life is defined more by its risks than by its samenesses.” – Mary Anne Radmacher
“If it is not right, do not let it waste your time.” ― Gift Gugu Mona
“Don’t waste your time with explanations, people only hear what they want to hear.” – Paulo Coelho
“It is better to remain silent at the risk of being thought a fool, than to talk and remove all doubt of it.”― Maurice Switzer
“Pain can change you, but that doesn’t mean it has to be a bad change. Take that pain and turn it into wisdom.” – Dalai Lama
“Count your age by friends, not years. Count your life by smiles, not tears.”― John Lennon
“If we manage ego wisely, we get the upside it delivers followed by strong returns.” – Dave Marcum
“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.” ― Isaac Asimov
“For me, a sense of prosperity often comes with less rather than more.” – Lori Hill
“Let no man pull you so low as to hate him.”― Martin Luther King Jr.
I not only use all the brains that I have but all that I can borrow.” – Woodrow Wilson
“You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.”― Sharon Salzberg
“The capacity to learn is a gift; The ability to learn is a skill; The willingness to learn is a choice.” — Brian Herbert
“A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.” — Bruce Lee
“You don’t get character because you’re successful; you build character because of the hardships you face.” — Herman Edwards
“Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.” — Confucius
 “When the wisdom speaks, be silent. Do not waste your candle when the sun is there.” — Mehmet Murat Ildan
“If small things have the power to disturb you, then who you think you are is exactly that: small.” — Eckhart Tolle
“A person’s tongue can give you the taste of his heart.” — Ibn Qayyim Al-Jawziyya
“You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough.” — William Blake
“True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.” — Socrates
“In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock.” — Thomas Jefferson
“Joy comes not through possession or ownership but through a wise and loving heart.” — Gautama Buddha
“Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.” — Marcus Tullius Cicero
“Control your destiny or somebody will.” — Jack Welch
 “Conquering others requires force. Conquering oneself requires strength.” — Laozi
“We must enhance the light, not fight the darkness.” — A. D. Gordon
“Don’t stumble over something behind you.” — Seneca the Younger
“It’s less about what you do and more about who you are doing it with.” — Joseph Gordon-Levitt
“To enjoy the rainbow, first enjoy the rain.” — Paulo Coelho
“Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.” — Seneca the Younger
“What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.” — Zig Ziglar
“You’ve heard that it’s wise to learn from experience, but it is wiser to learn from the experience of others.” ― Rick Warren
“Self-improvement and success go hand in hand. Taking the steps to make yourself a better and more well-rounded individual will prove to be a wise decision.” ― Frank Long
“The wise man hath his thoughts in his head; the fool, on his tongue.” ― Ivan Panin
“We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.” ― George Bernard Shaw
“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.” ― Lao Tzu
“Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.” ― Albert Einstein
“Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.” ― Francis Bacon
“It is said that wisdom lies not in seeing things, but seeing through things.” ― Manly P. Hall
“Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.” ― Sophocles
“To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.” ― Bertrand Russell
“Neither can the wave that has passed by be recalled, nor the hour which has passed return again.” ― Ovid
“Reserve your right to think, for even to think wrongly is better than not to think at all.” ― Hypatia
“The more you know the less you need to say.” ― Jim Rohn
“To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to.” ― Khalil Gibran
What you do to-day that is worthwhile, inspires others to act at some future time.” ― Marcus Garvey
“It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.” ― Aristotle
“Happiness belongs to the self sufficient.” ― Aristotle
“I’m not in this world to live up to your expectations and you’re not in this world to live up to mine.” ― Bruce Lee
“Most good things have been said far too many times and just need to be lived.” ― Shane Claiborne
It’s never too late to learn.” ― Malcolm Forbes
“Easy to do are things that are bad and harmful to oneself. But exceedingly difficult to do are things that are good and beneficial.” ― Gautama Buddha
“The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.” ― Socrates
“Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.” ― Gautama Buddha
“The real destroyer of inner peace is fear and distrust. Fear develops frustration, frustration develops anger, anger develops violence.” ― Dalai Lama
“Joy comes not through possession or ownership but through a wise and loving heart.” ― Gautama Buddha
“You are never alone or helpless. The force that guides the stars guides you too.” ― Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar
“Never does any pride enter the heart of a man except that his intelligence decreases by the same amount.” ― Muhammad al-Baqir
Nothing in the affairs of men is worthy of great anxiety.” ― Plato
“Honour may not win power, but it wins respect. And respect earns power.” ― Ishida Mitsunari
“When I have listened to my mistakes, I have grown.” ― Hugh Prather
“You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“Don’t waste your time on jealousy. Sometimes you’re ahead, sometimes you’re behind. The race is long, and in the end, it’s only with yourself.” ― Baz Luhrmann
“Outward Peace is useless without inner Peace.” ― Mahatma Gandhi
“The best preparation for good work tomorrow is to do good work today.” ― Elbert Hubbard
“Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable.” ― Sydney J. Harris
“Crying with the wise is better than laughing with the fool.” ― Gautama Buddha
Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker.” ― Zig Ziglar
“It is under the greatest adversity that there exists the greatest potential for doing good, both for oneself and others.” ― Dalai Lama
“Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.” ― Robert Louis Stevenson
“The object of knowledge is what exists and its function to know about reality.” ― Plato
“It is a most miserable thing to feel ashamed of home.” ― Charles Dickens
If youre going to play the game properly, youd better know every rule.” ― Barbara Jordan
“The only way to get what you want is to make them more afraid of you than they are of each other.” ― Cinda Williams Chima
“Quit being so hard on yourself. We are what we are; we love what we love. We don’t need to justify it to anyone… not even to ourselves.” ― Scott Lynch
“You CAN have it all. You just can’t have it all at once.” ― Oprah Winfrey
If you try you may fail, if you don’t try you’re guaranteed to fail.” ― Jesse Jackson
“The simplest and most obvious cause which can there be assigned for any phenomena, is probably the true one.” ― David Hume
Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery.” ― Malcolm X
“Reality is where your consciousness is located.” ― Nevill Drury
“Follow your instincts. That’s where true wisdom manifests itself.” ― Oprah Winfrey
“Guard well your thoughts when alone and your words when accompanied.” ― Roy T. Bennett
“I like to listen. I have learned a great deal from listening carefully. Most people never listen.” ― Ernest Hemingway
“Voice is not just the sound that comes from your throat, but the feelings that come from your words.” ― Jennifer Donnelly
“If the sun rises and sets without you being able to account for what you have done, then you are wasting your time.” ― Gift Gugu Mona
“The worst part of being okay is that okay is far from happy.” ― Anna Todd
“Success in life is not for those who run fast, but for those who keep running and always on the move.” ― Bangambiki Habyarimana
“Take care of your words and the words will take care of you.” ― Amit Ray
“In leadership, life and all things it’s far wiser to judge people by their deeds than their speech – their track record rather than their talk” ― Rasheed Ogunlaru
“Life is an affair of mystery; shared with companions of music, dance and poetry.” ― Shah Asad Rizvi
“If you do not have control over your mouth, you will not have control over your future.” ― Germany Kent
“In a world of words, anything is possible…” ― Laura Wright LaRoche
“Life is just a slide. Back and forth between loving and leaving, remembering and forgetting, holding on and letting go.” ― Nicole Lyons
“Do the things you want to do; if you don’t, the things which keep you alive inside you die and you turn into a ghost!” ― Mehmet Murat ildan
“Be true to your teeth and they won’t be false to you.” ― Soupy Sales
“A butterfly does not return to a caterpillar after it is mature. We must learn to grow and evolve into a stronger, wiser and better version of ourselves. Life occurs in stages and taking a step at a time is key to learning and growing.” ― Kemi Sogunle
“My priority is not about grades. I seek yearn for knowledge, skills and wisdom.” ― Lailah Gifty Akita
“The best way to respond to Hatred is to trigger Love. The one who Loves is the Greatest” ― Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie
“To the wise, peace of mind is the result of being fine with how things are; to the foolish, the result of things being fine.” ― Mokokoma Mokhonoana
“The ultimate goal of humanity is knowledge.” ― Abhijit Naskar
“There is a little word that we can say to others now. “Thank You Very Much”.” ― Marya Sy
“Words are not brains, you know.” ― Deepak Chopra
“If you live in a dirty big city, it means that you surely need a pastoral life to make yourself clean!” ― Mehmet Murat ildan
“Words can be a fortress or a drawbridge to disaster” ― Benny Bellamacina
“if we lose our human values by having everything mechanied, then machines will dictate our lives.” ― Dalai Lama
“If we are the trees, words are our roots; and we grow as we write” ― Munia Khan
“No one should let yesterday use up too much of today. Easy to say, hard to live.” ― Andrea Hairston
“Opportunities are born by learning!” ― Jonathan Anthony Burkett
“Words have the greatest power to inflict everlasting pain. Words have the greatest power to heal the soul.” ― Aneta Cruz
“Facts do not lie within biased opinions.” ― Dawn Stewart Field